It could be better.
but it could be worse.
What is wrong
with the mask you already made?
Absolutely nothing.
It took me three weeks to embroider.
Imported French embroidery thread
on duchess satin.
It was perfect. I specifically laid it out
in the girls' dressing room this morning.
and it has mysteriously disappeared.
ten minutes before the ball. of course.
- Where are the scissors?
- Ugh. I left them in the room upstairs.
- Alfie. run and get them.
- There is no time.
- It's her.
- It is not finished.
You go. I will finish.
I know how to sew.
Pray for me that I do not commit
murder this evening.
My lady. the carriage is ready out front.
your reticules are by the door.
and Miss Rosamund's new mask
should be finished momentarily.
We have found Rosamund's mask.
Oh.
- That is excellent. Miss Rosamund.
- It was underneath my dressing table.
Most unusual location
for you to place it for me.
I do not think Sophie
put it there intentionally.
Hush. Posy.
Perhaps you knocked it off
your table and did not notice.
Posy!
Mother. perhaps we should pity Sophie.
People become quite senseless
when they are envious.
She was clearly attempting
to spoil my debut. Am I not right?
- That is not tru--
- Sophie.
One is not meant to make excuses.
When one makes an error.
one is meant to apologize.
- Forgive me.
- I could not hear you.
Forgive me.
Please accept my deepest apologies.
Girls.
Oh. I have just finished.
They are already in the carriage.
Miss Li found her mask.
Oh?
- Well. that's good. I suppose.
- Well. at least they are gone.
Miss Li called me envious.
Envious of what? Her rudeness?
And do you know what? She is right.
I am envious.
I am angry.
Because they will attend the ball tonight.
and they will not appreciate any of it.
They will come home
complaining of something.
of the decoration being disappointing
or the gowns being far inferior to theirs.
Not Miss Posy.
No. not poor Posy.
But Lady Penwood.
she will criticize everything.
Can you imagine
how beautiful a ball would be?
I would give anything to go to a ball.
Dancing in a beautiful room
instead of cleaning it.
Being looked at as if you belong instead
of as if you were a part of the furniture.
Just once.
Just to have that feeling
for one glorious night.
What?
- You could go tonight.
- What? I cannot go.
But can you imagine? Oh…
Lady Penwood
would have me drawn and quartered.
Though it is a masquerade ball.
I'd be in costume.
No one would know it was me.
It would feel good
to pull the wool over Lady Penwood's eyes.
Exactly. The way she has treated you
all these years.
It is only one night.
- Oh. but I could not do it.
- But you could.
It is only one night. A glorious night.
All to yourself.
Serving no one.
Being a lady.
We would need to find me a good costume.
- I would need to be well disguised.
- Oh. We do have this… beautiful mask.
The nightwear must be pressed
and laid out.
The hairbrushes all cleaned.
The beds turned--
I know how to turn down a bed.
Not to worry. Everything will be done
exactly as you like.
Oh!
Not only can I sew.
I have seen a woman in her shift before.
I contain many great surprises.
The stable boys have
the spare carriage ready out front.
Where did you find that?
I sent him to the attic.
No one ever looks there.
There's a trunk of old gowns that belonged
to the sister of Lord Penwood.
Slightly out of fashion.
but that is no matter at a masquerade.
And I found gloves.
It is beautiful.
And…
silver shoes to match.
Alfie.
those belong to Lady Penwood.
She certainly cannot wear
any of her dingy work shoes.
Would you have her go out barefooted?
Lady Penwood would have
a proper fit if she knew.
What if she notices the shoes on Sophie?
Lady Penwood has more shoes
than I can count.
I doubt she will even notice.
Am I right?
Right.
Very well.
You deserve to go tonight.
You deserve to belong.
It is your birthright.
just as much as Miss Li and Miss Posy.
I can do this.
Dearest Gentle Reader.
the chase.
the hunt. the thrill.
It is a fact that all the world
is searching for something.
And our dear ton is no exception.
The idea that I am not
on the shelf is plainly fanciful.
The season is wasted…
Some are searching for meaning.
others for their better halves.
while others are searching
for tranquility.
much like Lord and Lady Kilmartin.
who have decided to seek respite
in their London abode this season.
Your husband has
a natural way with children. does he not?
If you wish to invest in the collieries.
they require a deposit at once.
I believe the viscount was quite keen…
And for the season's most
notorious gentleman.
Mr. Benedict Bridgerton.
he was last seen arriving fashionably late
to Lady Bridgerton's masquerade.
Even the most determined rakes
must bow to that most powerful of forces.
mothers.
This author cannot help but wonder
what he is searching for.
But be cautious of searching too hard.
dear reader.
for you might not always like
what you find.
Sophie Baek!
Where is that infernal girl?
Right here. my lady.
A pair of my shoes are marked.
and I have not even worn them.
They are marked.
I will make good with them.
You are meant to notice such things
so I do not have to.
You had better make them perfect.
In fact. while you are at it.
I should like all my shoes
polished and restitched.
And Rosamund's collection.
We shall want her looking her best
for Benedict Bridgerton.
Uh. Ma'am. that is over 100 pairs.
With my other duties.
that could take months.
Wonderful. By then.
you'll have become an expert.
I do hope she arrives soon.
Patience. Sophie.
I know. but I cannot wait to meet her.
I will finally have a mother.
I have always wanted one.
And I will have sisters to play with.
And my new mother must be lovely and kind
if she is marrying Father.
Sophie. this is very important.
You must not call Lord Penwood Father
in front of the new Lady Penwood.
- Why?
- You simply must not.
Hup!
My new wife. Oh!
My love.
I am so pleased that you are finally here.
I did not like being apart.
Here are the children.
This is Rosamund.
And Posy.
Hello. girls.
Let me introduce you to the servants.
This is our butler. Rumsey.
Irma runs the kitchen.
And this is Miss Timmons. our governess.
And who is this darling girl?
This is Sophie Baek.
my ward.
It is delightful to meet you.
I know you will care for her as your own.
Of course I shall.
She is the picture
of grace and charm. my lord.
That is pleasing to hear.
Is Her Ladyship really having
you clean every one of her shoes?
And Miss Rosamund's.
While she harps on about how Miss Rosamund
is going to ensnare Benedict Bridgerton.
Poor Mr. Bridgerton.
If those two want him.
not even the Queen's Guard
will be able to protect him.
"We shall want her
looking her best for Mr. Bridgerton."
Do I detect jealousy. Miss Baek?
Of Rosamund?
You are not serious.
- You've got your back up about something.
- I am cleaning a thousand shoes.
My fingers are cramped.
Of course my back is up.
No. If it was about the shoes.
you would be witty. spiteful Sophie.
This is sad. sulky Sophie.
Ever since the ball. you…
This is about the ball.
It is.
What are you hiding?
Oh my.
You met a gentleman.
I met a gentleman.
Dare I ask his name?
No.
Benedict Bridgerton.
- There it is.
- It is nothing.
It was a moment. and it is over.
I will never see him again.
I do not even want to see him again.
When would I ever see him again?
We are forgetting I ever met him.
Is that clear?
Should we perhaps discuss
what occurred at the masquerade ball?
Yes.
Lady Bridgerton's ball was
quite the spectacle. was it not?
Any displays worth revisiting?
Indeed.
Can you believe
that Benedict Bridgerton disappeared
for the better half of the ball?
We shall need to keep a watchful eye
on him when you host your ball.
When I host…
Your Majesty.
Have you forgotten my request?
You will host a ball. will you not?
Have you thought of a theme?
Apologies for the intrusion. Your Majesty.
Lady Baird requests an audience.
Well?
Your Majesty. it appears Lady Baird
is in a delicate state.
With your permission.
she wishes to be relieved of her duties
for her confinement.
and to return after the birth.
You may take your leave.
but know it will be permanent.
You may withdraw.
The audacity.
No regard for reason or responsibility.
let alone the bother to me.
Does one not take one's queen into
consideration when making such decisions?
How fortunate for Lady Baird
that she has a queen generous enough
to relieve her of her duties
without hesitation.
I am known to be
exceedingly generous when it is deserved.
Thank you for the game.
It has been quite illuminating.
My sympathies for the loss of Lady Baird.
- You see?
- Hmm?
They do not even look my way.
No one is interested in me.
Because you built a reputation
of being unapproachable.
That is… hardly true. I am most amiable.
- Then try smiling at one of them.
- What? No.
Please. no.
If you are so sure they're not interested.
then what is the harm?
Oh. no.
Mother. Eloise.
My!
You look so handsome.
You sound surprised.
What she means to say is she is surprised
to see you out of bed before noon.
In fact. I have come
to act as chaperone for my dear sister.
who. as I hear it. is in need of one
as she is decidedly not on the shelf.
Um…
Benedict. Uh…
Yes. Please? Um…
I would… start with Baron Henderson.
Mm-hmm.
You do not mean it. whatever this ruse is.
- Of course not.
- Then what a fine morning.
How lovely to see you.
- I won't make you talk to anyone.
- Mm. But you require a favor in return.
I do need your help.
We must find the owner of this glove.
- Why ever do you have a lady's glove?
- Because a lady lost it.
I would like to return it to her.
Do not mention it to Mother. by the way.
You know very well you should not toy with
the affections of debutantes.
which you are certainly trying to do
if you do not wish for Mama to know.
I am doing no such thing.
I simply would like to thank
this particular young woman
for a genial conversation.
In return. I shall protect you from Mother
and her matchmaking reign of terror.
You are often my favorite brother.
- Hmm.
- How do you wish to begin?
Thank goodness. as family.
we do not have to wait in line
with all those gossips.
They do not come here to gossip.
merely to bring gifts
and then. conveniently.
each happens to remember a little gossip.
- Clever.
- Oh. trust me. it is not.
I am afraid Colin is out
for his monthly engagement
with Mr. Finch and Mr. Dankworth
where they eat all of London.
- Well. in fact. I am here to see you.
- Oh.
- Benedict has met a young lady.
- Ah. I am merely trying to return a glove.
A glove of a lady dressed in silver
with whom you disappeared?
Lady Whistledown sees everything.
Benedict.
Although I will confess
I did not recognize her.
Who is she?
I do not know.
All I have is this glove.
I thought. since you do see everything…
- What do you know about her?
- Mm.
Um…
Please tell us you asked
about her interests. brother.
You did not bore her to death
with talk of yourself.
I asked her many questions.
but her answers were few. She…
…grew up in England.
She…
prefers deep water?
She. uh. uh… does not know
how to dance. which was puzzling--
Oh. and she reads Whistledown.
Well. she has excellent taste.
but that does not give us much.
Well.
I thought…
I wonder
if you might send a message in Whistledown
to help me return her glove.
Well…
I will not be able to mention her.
- Or her costume in any way.
- Why not?
I cannot have been the only one
at the ball to notice the two of you.
She was alone on a terrace with a man.
- That is bad enough.
- Mm.
What is worse is that that man is a…
A notorious rake.
How dare you?
I am a lover of pleasure.
a… a… a free spirit.
untrammeled by mere convention--
- You're a rake.
- Mm-hmm.
Yes. She will never come forward.
If she did.
her reputation will be tarnished.
Then…
Mention me.
But say that I am looking for someone.
Perhaps that will assure her
I am… more serious.
One hint that you might be interested
in courtship.
and you will be besieged by mothers.
El is right. Once the floodgates are open.
you cannot close them.
I can manage a few mamas.
- Her Majesty is going to relish this.
- I can manage Her Majesty.
I think. Possibly?
Well. not really. but do it anyway.
Dearest Gentle Reader.
this season the ton
may have a new prize to seek.
the heart of a certain second son.
It seems this free-spirited reveler
has been seen
regularly strolling Rotten Row.
intent on leaving the bachelor life behind
and attending many more balls.
- The latest Whistledown. ma'am.
- Thank you.
Has this
handsome gentleman come out of the cold
to join the warmth of society?
Could it be that this rake has reformed?
Is there a marriage-minded mama
or a young lady
who would not rejoice at this news?
Rosamund!
Perhaps there is a particular lady
whose company he seeks.
This author can only speculate.
She's describing Benedict Bridgerton.
Sophie. I have read
every issue of Whistledown.
This is clearly about him.
What if he is looking for you?
Do not be foolish. He must meet
a different young woman at every ball.
- This could be about anyone.
- Sophie!
Sophie.
Ready Rosamund for Rotten Row.
Perhaps in blue.
You will look exquisite. my dear.
I do not want to.
Did we not make an agreement?
Yes. but the agreement entails
you protecting me from suitors.
not thrusting me into the lion's den.
They might have information.
If Mother does not see you speaking to
suitors at least once. she will intervene.
Is that logic or coercion?
Lord Tuss! Lord Pike!
What a lovely day
for a promenade. is it not?
And what a charming relation
you have brought on this promenade.
I shall leave you
to get better acquainted.
Lord Tuss.
I understand you have a sister.
Does she perhaps… not know how to dance?
Where is he going?
Oh…
- Mr. Bridgerton.
- Mm.
A beautiful day. is it not?
Indeed.
A perfect day
for taking the waters. ladies.
Do you not think?
I suppose so.
Though I much prefer to stay on dry land.
- Ah.
- Mr. Bridgerton.
- I've been admiring your attire.
- …taking a walk on a sunny day.
- Mr. Bridgerton.
- Oh. Mr. Bridgerton.
I certainly enjoy a swim.
Do you?
I do not believe we have met. Miss…
Rosamund Li.
- Oh…
- Why the sudden shift?
- I confess I do not know.
- Hmm.
And I am not inquiring for fear
of him changing his mind.
Hm!
Is it not foolish for so many ladies
to flock to just one gentleman?
It is like a gaggle of geese
vying for the same piece of bread.
They will all leave hungry.
Many of these young ladies
look as if they could use a piece--
Shh.
- What happened?
- It was going so well.
He seemed charmed.
Talked about my costume.
- Then he turned away.
- Men are fickle.
Keep your spirits up.
We shall solve this yet.
What were your costumes at the masquerade?
I was a swan.
- I dressed as Queen Anne.
- A wood nymph.
Interesting.
Ah…
- Miss…
- Oh my…
Miss Bridgerton.
Help.
Yeah.
We have been to six balls
and seven soirees.
We have promenaded so much
my feet have swollen up.
And no sign of this glove lady.
Please. may we give up now?
Go back to shunning the world?
You may shun at will.
Consider yourself released
from this favor.
Dearest Gentle Reader.
while this author had hopes
of a certain second son settling down.
it seems the well of hope
may have run dry.
Parched indeed are
the young ladies of the ton.
though it seems the suitor
for whom they thirst
has eyes only for a woman
who has yet to appear.
Mother. what mistake have I made?
He is the catch of the season.
He deserves to be with me.
Does the distress
of my daughter amuse you?
Of course not. my lady.
Good.
This author must wonder
if the search is soon to come to a close.
For a gentleman can only wander
the desert so long without a drink.
Shall I read
Whistledown to you. Your Majesty?
No.
Um… Lady Bridgerton
is here to see you. ma'am.
Oh! What a delight.
Penelope. what do you know
about my son's search for a wife?
Forgive me.
but Lady Whistledown cannot reveal--
- Penelope Bridgerton!
- Yes. ma'am.
Mother.
You are working.
May I sit?
Of course.
- Was there something you wish to discuss?
- Me? Oh no. not me. You. maybe?
Me? No. not me.
You'd be interested to know I had a most
fascinating conversation with Penelope.
Oh.
She claims that this bachelor
that she writes about in Whistledown.
the one ready to seek a wife in earnest.
that he asked her to write about him.
He did?
Well. that seems odd.
- I agree.
- Mm.
And she says it was because
he met someone at my masquerade ball.
- She said that?
- When I bullied it out of her. yes.
But a gentleman would never do
such a thing to his poor mother.
Going behind her back.
hiding the fact that perhaps
her one great wish for her son
was about to come true.
that he had met a young lady.
that he was ready to marry.
No son would be so cruel.
Would he?
Very well.
I…
Oh dear. You have her glove?
Benedict. if you have spoiled
this young lady…
Nothing untoward happened.
She left before the unmasking.
I did not even get her name.
She dropped this in her haste to leave me.
It matters not.
I barely know what she looked like
and no longer remember
the sound of her voice.
Searching for her has been fruitless.
Which is why
you should confide in your mother.
If you had. I would have told you
to start with Penwood House.
This glove is an heirloom.
The old Lady Penwood.
this young lady's grandmother. likely.
It was her fashion
to have the family crest
on the inside of her gloves.
Our family used to know hers.
No. I met Miss Li.
She is not the lady I met at your ball.
Oh. Well…
Yes. good.
But… But it is possible
that there are other young ladies
staying with the family.
Sophie. are you not supposed to be
in dance lessons?
Lady Penwood thought it best
I not continue with Rosamund and Posy.
I see. Hmm.
Well. I am sure we will resolve this.
Sir?
Could I ask you about my mother?
What do you wish to know?
I have no memories of her.
You have your necklace.
How did she die?
You miss your mother.
That is natural.
But I am here now.
And I will always make sure
you are taken care of.
I promise.
Sophie.
there is a gentleman caller.
For me.
I'm being called on.
I have a suitor!
That is marvelous.
Let us tidy your hair
so he can see how beautiful you are.
Okay.
Breathe.
How do you do?
It is a pleasure to meet you.
And then all of a sudden
my hands became feet.
and I was forced to walk
across the stage with my feet hands.
- Hm.
- Everyone in the audience laughed.
Certainly you would do the same
if you saw someone with hands for feet.
I mean. feet for hands.
Anyway. that is why
I can no longer attend the theater.
That is enough. Posy. Mr. Bridgerton
is not interested in your dreams.
I am interested.
Your dreams are surely more inventive
than any play I have seen.
He is looking for you.
He asked for Posy.
Look how kind he is to her.
He is there.
right there in the drawing room.
You should go in.
- Perhaps he will recognize you.
- He will not.
It was one night. a moment.
He does not even know what I look like.
- Then tell him.
- What?
Go in there and tell him who you are.
This is your chance. Sophie.
Lady Penwood.
Once he sees you. once you tell him.
Lady Penwood will not signify.
He could be here for any reason.
not for me.
He is clearly looking for you.
Go in there.
He does not want to find me.
He wants to find the lady
in the silver gown.
And she is not real.
Yes. absolutely. Tell me more.
I have work to do.
Does that imagination
come out in other ways?
In. uh…
Well… dressing up. perhaps?
I love dressing up.
One time when I was a child--
Before we hear more about that.
I would love to hear about
the costume you wore for the masquerade.
She was a mermaid.
Ah.
So you were not wearing silver?
No. but I wanted to.
Silver and purple for the scales.
- But I was told no tail.
- Hm.
Did someone in silver
catch your eye at the masquerade?
Oh… I talked to so many people that night.
I am simply trying to recall who is who.
Of course.
So. you two are sisters…?
Mm-hm.
Do you have any cousins or friends
of the family who have been staying here?
- It is always so nice to have company.
- It is only us. and that is all we need.
Of course.
What was his intention in coming here
if not to court you?
Is that a lady's glove?
What is he looking at?
- Brimsley!
- Her Majesty is taking her royal nap.
I do not have long.
What is wrong?
- Is it His Majesty the king?
- You must come back.
Request an audience with Her Majesty.
Apologize.
I shall do no such thing.
I have nothing to apologize for.
She is gossiping at me.
But I fail to gossip back
in the right way.
She wishes to speak
about Benedict Bridgerton.
But my replies are never the right ones.
She will not allow me
to clear her chessboard.
She refuses to finish the game.
She is Her Majesty.
She is always at her best. of course.
She is glorious.
But perhaps one might imagine
it is possible she might be…
desponding.
You know you do not need
to have something to apologize for.
If Her Majesty needs an apology.
one apologizes for nothing.
She is our queen.
I do not much feel like apologizing.
And I am certainly
not interested in playing chess
or gossiping with Her Majesty at present.
Let her be entertained
by her ladies-in-waiting.
Lady Danbury.
there was a time
when you were her lady-in-waiting.
It was different. She was different.
You have been witness to…
His Majesty is…
You were there then.
She will not be close to these ladies now.
and she will not even try
to replace Lady Baird.
You know that. and you know why.
The chess match
must not remain unfinished.
She is struggling
in your absence.
in the absence of her friend.
her only friend.
The whole world is getting smaller.
I must return.
Please. Lady Danbury.
Lady Penwood. may I help you?
I realized I never expressed my gratitude
for all your hard work with my shoes.
I should like to reward you.
Would you try these on?
I know how much you love
the little luxuries of society.
No. thank you. my lady.
- It was not a suggestion.
- I have other duties to attend to.
You are relieved from other duties
until you honor this request.
Put them on.
Now.
A perfect fit.
I am as surprised as you.
Imagine my surprise when I discovered you
know how to dress yourself respectably.
In fact. the shoes did not clash at all
with the silver dress
I found under your mattress.
It was you.
You marked my silver shoes.
You slipped into the masquerade ball.
Do not insult me by denying it.
Then
get it over with and punish me.
If you want all the silver polished.
I shall do it.
If you want me on my hands and knees
scrubbing floors. very well.
There is no punishment
that fits the crime of going to a ball
and impersonating nobility.
of stealing my shoes. those gloves.
and that dress from my home.
It is my home as well.
How dare you! This was never your home!
I have suffered having you
under my roof all these years.
- And you repay me with this duplicity.
- How have you suffered?
I have served your every whim
all these years.
without wages. without complaint.
I have provided you with protection.
far more than you'd've found on your own.
and clearly far more
than you ever deserved.
Then why?
Out of the goodness of the heart
you do not possess?
It is clear you despised me
from the beginning. So tell me.
Why have you kept me here
if I have been such a burden to you? Why?
You could've put me on the street
as soon as Father died.
Do not call him…
You were his error.
But my mistake was attempting
to help someone beyond hope.
So perhaps you are right.
I should have put you out on the street.
You are dismissed.
And you will never work again in Mayfair.
I will make sure of it.
Araminta…
You forget yourself
and your place.
- Irma.
- It is our fault.
We never should have sent you
to that ball.
You did not send me.
I sent myself.
All you and Alfie did was help
make my dream come true.
We made a collection.
It is not much.
But it shall at least get you
a week at a boarding house.
Do not say anything.
I want to stay angry.
Do not open it now.
It is not much.
but perhaps you could sell it.
- Goodbye. Sophie--
- Do not…
forget yourself.
Such a shame
that you could not perform your duties.
Good luck.
The shoe clips.
Posy.
I have come to apologize. Your Majesty.
My apologies.
You may go.
Your move.
Why do you wish to leave me?
As I said.
I desire a return to my homeland. and I--
No.
Why do you wish to leave me?
- Your Majesty.
- You cannot go.
I will not allow it.
- I know this may be difficult for you.
- You cannot.
You will not.
- Let us be reasonable.
- No.
You will not go.
I forbid it.
- You cannot forbid me.
- I can.
- You cannot.
You cannot.
not if we are friends.
I am your queen.
So I am merely your subject.
You are my subject.
I understand.
My deepest apologies
for forgetting my position.
I shall go.
I am sorry.
I did not mean it.
My apologies.
All is well.
Your Majesty. all is well.
Agatha.
you cannot leave me here all alone.
What happens when he dies?
I am here.
You need not worry.
How many do you want?
Hollow. Diamonds are weighty.
These are paste.
- They're counterfeit.
- Are you certain?
I need enough money to get out of London.
I'll take your necklace
for a pretty sum though.
It is not for sale.
Well. that's all I can offer you. then.
It might be enough
to get you on a mail coach.
Thank you.
Care for company?
Have you been displeased with me?
I have not seen much of you lately.
- It took you long enough to notice.
- Eloise.
You realize you were cast out
of the clubhouse?
- Was I in a club?
- We were.
I thought we would be unyielding together.
with regard to marriage. but…
you have crossed over to the other side.
Well. I am not
getting married any time soon.
But you wanted to.
To the glove lady.
I thought it could be possible.
But…
…she clearly did not agree.
Why would she?
Why would she not?
Ah. you and I both know
I am not the Bridgerton
anyone should give their heart to.
The unserious one.
The… the rake.
The free spirit.
You may need
to let me back into our clubhouse.
Oh. Brother…
Do not fret.
I am only. um…
I think I need to clear my head.
I think I shall go out.
Oh. I sense a drinking bout.
Please!
Do not leave me in Mama's hands.
Our mother might surprise you.
Excuse me. sir.
Ooh. she's too fast for you. Hendricks.
I shall get her by the end of the night.
Bridgerton.
Cavender finally dragged us both out
to one of his parties.
It seems that way. Where are we?
Lord and Lady Cavender's country estate.
They are in London for the weekend.
Phil is on a spree.
Ah. I've not seen you
in our circle lately.
No.
I…
Do you remember Virginia?
The actress?
Mm. I believe so.
We have fallen in love.
She has agreed to be my mistress.
Because one woman was not enough for you?
Well. there must be
someone out there for you.
Hiscox!
Bridgerton!
If you do not place a bet this round.
we will be forced to wager which one
of you can be pushed into the lake
with your trousers down.
No.
Unbend a little.
You're far too solemn
for such a pretty thing.
- I do not indulge. my lord.
- Surely your kitchen duties can wait.
Oh…
Run. Lock yourself in your room.
- You bitch!
- I shall scream if you touch me.
Oh. we do like it when they scream.
What's wrong. Cavender?
Don't want to play any longer?
Enough!
Enough! She's only a maid!
Apologize to her!
I…
I apologize. I apologize.
Treat a woman in such a manner ever again.
and I will personally ensure
you never return to society.
Do you understand?
Yes.
That goes for you as well.
We shall never touch her.
Because she no longer works here.
Mr. Bridgerton.
Forgive me. but… do we know one another?
Did you work
for a household I visited or…?
No. we do not know each other.
- Then how do you know my name?
- I… heard it.
Earlier. someone said it.
Excuse me. sir.
I cannot believe he is gone.
It will not be the same without him.
especially for you.
I am so sorry. Sophie.
I only heard from
the solicitor this morning.
The late Lord Penwood
did not include you in his will.
He would not do that. He…
He promised he would always care for me.
Yes.
Because he was a kind man
who could not stand being cruel.
But the truth is
that his love rests in his legacy.
and there is no mention
of you in the will.
No.
No. my father loved me.
Yes. I can understand
why you believe that.
Your mother allowed herself
to believe the same.
Lord Penwood never told you the truth?
I see he left both of us
in the dark about certain things.
Your mother was a maid.
a maid who let herself become a mistress.
She died when you were very small.
with no title. no money. no dignity.
and no husband.
She was not a part
of Lord Penwood's legacy either.
Do not worry.
I will take care of you now.
I will feed you. clothe you.
and keep a roof over your head.
You will work as a maid.
But I am the daughter of a nobleman.
You are illegitimate.
Being a maid is the best you can hope for.
It will make you invisible.
Trust me.
You will be protected this way.
As long as you do not allow yourself
to dream of more than your station.
as your mother did.
Are you all right?
Where are you going?
Away. sir. I must find other work.
It is the middle of the night
in the middle of the country.
Yes. sir. The nearest town where I might
find employment is several hours away.
- So I must start walking.
- But… let me take you.
I am not going anywhere with you.
Mr. Bridgerton.
You lost me my position.
the very thing I need to survive.
You are clearly better off
without that position.
Mr. Cavender's parents
return in the morning.
I only had to make it through the night.
What about when his parents
went away again?
Did you mean always to be on your guard?
That is no way to live.
And do you believe
I am afforded that choice?
Good night. sir.
I will find another position
for you in London.
- Somewhere safe.
- I have already tried that.
Mm…
I have my ways.
I promise.
Please. You cannot walk in the dark.
It is unsafe.
I assure you I will not lay a hand on you.
Unlike Cavender.
I was raised to respect maids.
I shall not even look at you.
Dearest Gentle Reader.
it seems this column's favorite second son
was whisked to the countryside this week.
seemingly concluding the search
for his mystery lady.
Are you certain we have not met?
How could we have. sir?
I am only a maid.
Hearts across Mayfair
are surely shattered indeed.
This author hopes that in his retreat.
our reveler will find
whatever it is he truly seeks.
Only time will tell.